
Meeting started at 4:00pm

Members present:
Anthony
Pushkin
Mitchell
Elliott

- Showed a demo of the current status of the project
	- Data passes between the flask app and the static web page

- Went over how we are managing the git projects.
	
- Discussed the weeks responsibilities
	- Anthony is looking at Boris's paper
	- Mitchell is too. Also working on front end
	- Elliott is working on the flask back-end + api
	- Pushkin is also working on the api

Meeting ajourned at 5:00

