Meeting starts at 6pm, 11/8/2016

Attendence:
Mitchell, Elliott, Anthony present. Puskin absent

Topics:
Going over the UI design. Elliott made a faux GUI in a GUI mocking application
Suggestion on how to display old trials, delete trials, etc.

We all went over our GUI designs and combined their ideas
	- Timer on how much further
	- Little in between 
	- List of all trial to manage them
	
Went over what is going to be due next.
Assigned the logo design to Anthony
Conversed about the SRS document and the presentation due November 30th

Meeting ajourned at 7:00 pm
